[00:00:30]
It's always good to be back in Texas. Thank you. Thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, everyone. Thank you for being here this evening. Can we hear from Ms. Tina Knowles? From Ms. Kelly and Beyoncé. What a warm Texas welcome. I thank you all so very much. And I thank you. And I thank my friends for reminding us of exactly what we are fighting for in this campaign. We are fighting for freedom. It's Andrea and everyone here tonight whose lives have been impacted by these Trump abortion fans in this moment. I thank you for sharing your stories and for your courage. It is an honor to be here with so many leaders, and all of you who take the time out of your his lives to be here this evening so we can, as a community of people, as people who love our country, be clear, sound strong, and stand in favor of the freedom of every woman to make decisions about her own body. I also want to thank you for the time to be here, including Colin All right. I'm counting on you to send it to the United States Senate so we can get your right to work.
[00:02:43]
It's all elected official. Thank you. I thank you all. I thank you. It's a winner. It's a winner. We have a lot of work to do. We have a lot of work to do. We do not get distracted. We do not get distracted. So this is Texas. We have 11 a day left. In one of those classes, the financial for the elections is about a lot of time. But it is already started, and we know this will be a tight race until the very end. So what do you think? Can you hear that? Okay, We got work to do. We got work to do. We got work to do. And I love that there's so much enthusiasm. Let's talk about the work we got to do. Because we got a lemonade, a screw, and we will win. We will win. We will win. We will win. We will win. And we will win, and we will win because we know and understand what it has to say. We are eleven days out from an election that will decide the future of America, including the the freedom of every woman to make decisions about her own body and her regions of freedom.
[00:05:11]
And everyone here tonight is here because we are about fighting for our future and not letting those people take us back. Because we are not going back. We are not going back. In America, we know, freedom is not to be given. It is not to be bestowed. It is ours by right, and we are prepared to fight for it. Because we understand the space, and moving forward, we understand that what we must do, Texas, is right here. You are ground zero in the fight for a re-pandemic freedom. We must be loud, we must organize, we must mobilize, we must energize the people. Because you all know, Texas is on to one of the most restrictive abortion plans we've been out of country. A Texas abortion is banned from the moment of concession. Can you know what? Can you know what? Just in a test, low down on the street. Some people don't have a great sense of direction, but that's okay. We'll show them the way. We'll show them the way. Because we know what that's saying, and we will not, son. We know what's happening here in Texas. Doctors and nurses can go to prison for life simply for providing reproductive care.
[00:07:31]
Think about that. Life in prison or health care providers who are doing what they think is in their patients' best interest. You know what? The who are happy to provide you with democracy. And what we know here in Texas is that there are some who would distract from the The fact that Texas has a law now that offers a cash family returning in someone who merely helps a friend or family member with the care they need. In Texas, the law provides for prison for life, for health care providers, for doing what they believe is in the best interests of their patient. In some cases in Texas, they have had travel vans to prevent women from going to other states to receive care. These are the states. And we know how we got here. When Donald Trump was President, we hand-elected three members of the United States Supreme Board with the intention that they would done through the protections of Roe v Wade, and as he intended, they did. And now, more than 20 states have a Trump abortion plan. Now, one of the three American women live in a state of the Trump abortion plan, including Texas and every state in the south except for Virginia.
[00:09:05]
And many of these bands are causing here to be denied until a woman is at death's door. Many have no exceptions, even for rape and incest, which is immoral. And last three, one does not have to abandon their faith or deeply no police to agree the government should be telling her what to do with her body. Not the government. If she choose, then she would talk with her priest, her pastor, her rabbi, her mom. But not the government and some people up in the state legislature. Tell her what to give her best interests, what to give her her message in her own business. It's just let us recognize These same people, check this out, these same people who have argued that these Trimble Morsh events are in the best interest of women and children do look at their records. They tend to be in states with the highest rate of maternal mortality in the country. For decades, these extremist leaders who have neglected prenatal care, maternity care, and postpartum care, and who now, after continuously failing to support women and children, claiming to care about women and children. Well, I have a question for them.
[00:10:38]
Where have you been? Where have you been? Where have you been? Where have you Where have you been when it comes to prioritizing care for women and children? Where have you been when it comes to helping pregnant women and new mothers? Where have you been when it comes to affordable child care? And you know, many of these same extremist leaders have also refused to extend their child tax credit, which listed half of American children out of poverty. They who have blocked proposals to lower child care costs for working parents. They who have tried to cut, wait and snap for the low-income mothers of their children. The hypocrisy abounds. And here's what else is happening. These bands are driving doctors out of states like Texas, Idaho, Georgia, and North Carolina, leaving women who are already living in maternity care deserts, meaning there is no maternity care anywhere near them, leaving them with even fewer options. And since Trump abortion bans, fewer medical students are are choosing to specialize in women's house. Over the past two years, the impact of Trump abortion bans has been devastating. We see the horrific reality that women and family face to face every single day, and the stories are vivid, they are difficult to hear, they are difficult to tell.
[00:12:24]
For example, here in Texas, can we roll the tape? For four years, they were trying to get Roe v. Wade terminated, and I did it. I have to describe all the time we need to death because of conservative implemented laws. I had to fight and beg to get care that I needed. Because I wasn't permitted to have an abortion, I nearly died on their watch. If I had not been able to go out of state to get an abortion in Colorado, my happy, healthy son, Henry, would not be here They took 2 liters of infected fluid from my abdomen, and the infection was so severe that I almost died. I was to stay pregnant and deliver a baby that would suffocate in my arms. When the roving went, I did a great thing. From his own mouth, a great thing. There is nothing great about of what happened to women like K. C. Who was heartbroken to learn her much wanted pregnancy was not viable, heartbroken when her doctors told her if she remained pregnant, she would be risking her own life or her ability to have children in the future. But the attorney general of Texas threatened, threatened.
[00:13:58]
If hate doctors felt terminated for a pregnancy, they would be criminally prosecuted. So Kate was forced to flee the state to get the care she needed. In Louisiana, Katie Joshua was turned away from not one, but two emergency rooms for a miscarriage. She was bleeding. She was in pain. But because of a Trump abortion ban, doctors would not treat her. Because if they did, they would have faced 15 years in prison. And so Clay Patern had to go home where she went through the pain of a miscarriage for more than a month. And trying the whole time to hide her pain from her four-year-old daughter. We know that women have died because of Trump abortion vans. Here today is Shannet Williams, the mother of Amber Nicole Thurman, a vibrant We must speak her name. Amber Nicole Thurman. I promise my mother I would speak her name. A vibrant 28-year-old mother of a 6-year-old son who died of preventable death because of George's abortion. Now, Shannet and her family are courageously sharing Amber's story to make sure we all remember her as more than a statistic so that we remember Amber was a daughter, a sister, a mother, and that she was loved, and that she should be alive today.
[00:15:45]
And listen, we're all here because we know the reality is for every story we hear about, about the suffering because of a trouble worship, there are so many stories we've never heard. An untold number of women and the people who love them, who are silently suffering, women who are being made to feel as though they did something wrong, as though they are criminals, as though they are alone. And to those women, and I say, and I think I speak on behalf of all of us, we see you and we are here with you. Texas, what is happening across this state in our country is a health care crisis. And Donald Trump is the architect of it. He brags about returning growth rate, and his own words quote, I did it, and I'm proud to have done it. That's what he said. And what has he asked, proud that women are done? He's proud that women are done, proud that doctors and nurses could be thrown in prison for life, for administering life-saving care? Proud that young women in America today have fewer rights than their mothers and grandmothers? How dare he Donald Trump. Donald Trump even said, Everyone wanted Roe v Wade to be overturned.
[00:17:30]
Well, the woman in Ohio was arrested and charged after having been miscarried. So was the woman in South Carolina. They wanted us. Hadley DeVal. We became pregnant after being raped by her stepfather when she was 12 years old. She didn't want this. Ryan Hamilton, who was here tonight. His wife was denied treatment at the hospital for a miscarriage. They got home, he found her bleeding and unconscious. He dressed her, put her in a car, packed up their nine-year-old child, and drove to a different emergency room where doctors told him she could have died. Ryan didn't want this. Let's be clear. And the men across America, this needs to be said, men across America do not want to see their daughters and wives, ancestors, and daughters to end rich. And all their rights have been taken. I see a man here. And I thank you. The man of America don't want this? No. And we know the attorney general of Texas is suing the United States government. So that Texas prosecutors can get... Check this out. So that Texas prosecutors can get their hands on the finest medical records of women leading lead the state to get care.
[00:19:05]
Now, I ask everybody here, please do see the irony. Okay? Listen to this. On the one hand, Donald Trump will let anyone see his medical records. Okay, on five. On the other hand, they want to get their hands on your medical records. Simply put the act of their minds. In just four years, the President, Donald Trump was able to erase half a century of hard law progress for women. And now he wants to go even further. He will force all 50 states to track and report on women's miscarriages and abortions and go after access to contraception and IVF treatment. It's right there in his project 2025 bullet. And let us be clear, if Donald Trump wins again, he will ban abortion nationwide. And though we are in Texas tonight, I say to the folks, might you watch us home? For anyone watching from another state, know this. If you think you are protected from Trump abortion vans because you live in Michigan or Pennsylvania, or Nevada, or New York, or California, or in any state where voters or legislators have protected reproductive freedom, please know, no one is protected if there is a Trump national abortion ban, and it will outlaw abortion in every single state.
[00:20:51]
Understand that. And he can do it with or without an act Congress. All that's today, elections matter. If Donald Trump is President again, he will likely get to a point at least one additional Supreme Court Justice. Remember, we appointed, call her Justice Katanji Brown. But if he were reelected, he'd probably gets to appoint one, if not two members of the United States Supreme Court. At which point, Donald Trump will have packed the court with five out of nine justices on that Court. We will sit who will think about that, who will sit for lifetime appointments, shaping your lives and the lives of generations to come. And that is among the many critical contrast in this election. Look, Donald Trump doesn't trust women, but I knew we trust women, and we understand that we're going to be. And with Tom and all the rest of the United States Senate, when you're going to pass this to the field to restore and reify your freedom. I will proudly sign it into honor. What's it going to be in our friend? I'm proud of you. I'm proud of you. To all friends here. Let us remember, momentum is on our side.
[00:22:40]
I know sometimes in Texas, folks are like, Is it worth it? Is it going to make a difference? Yes, it does. You are making a difference, and momentum is on our side. You are making us different. Since all of us have turned every time Reproduction Freedom has been on the middle of the valley, from Kansas, California, Kentucky, and Michigan, Montana, Vermont, and Ohio, the people of America have voted for freedom every time it's been on the ballot. And all today has voted by overwhelming margins from so-called red to so-called blue state, proving that this is not a part of the issue. Because Americans from all backgrounds and beliefs understand the decision of whether or when an out-of-the-field family is one of the most consequential decisions anyone can make. And we are fighting for an America where no matter who you are, where you live, you can make decisions about your own body or yourself. So if you can make a follow-up, all of this is to say, reproductive freedom is on the valid in this presidential election. And in 10 states around the country, including Arizona, Florida, and Nevada. And with the work of everyone here, freedom will win.
[00:24:23]
And so I want to take a moment to speak in particular to all the young leaders here in across America. Can we have everybody here for Gen Z? There he is. I'll count on you. I'll count on you. You are impatient for the change. You know it ain't right that if you have a few rights that your mother or your grandmother, you know it is not theoretical, you know it is not political, it is your limited experience. And I see you, and I see your power. And I see your power. And I know that so many of you are voting for the first time, can I see your right-hand? Can we applaud our leaders for a moment, for the first time? All right, we heard it for our young leaders. That's right. But listen, to everyone here, we know freedom is never coming easy. Never coming easy. There has been no moment of our progress as a country that did not come about without a fight. Let's all be clear about that. And we are in the midst of a movement, and everyone here is the leader in that movement. So we do this in remembering those who came before us, those who struggled and sacrificed for our freedoms, who found fellowship and even joy in one another in the fight.
[00:26:21]
They found strength and hope in fighting for our ideals. And that is what we are doing. That is what we are doing because we know weeping may endure for a night. Let's join. Come in in the morning. So Texas, election is an eliminated. Colonel voting has already begun. Now, when the class start making your plan. Go to ourglobal. Com, you get all the information you need. It is not only the presidency that is on the ballot, there are many important races, including I'm calling all the room when it's happy. We must know that the plan is supported by the National Abortion Man six times. And then the plan said he did not support the corruption leading to the victims of rape and insist. So let's remember, Texas, your hope is your voice, and your voice is your power. But today, I ask you, are you ready to make your voices heard? Do we trust women? Do we believe in reproductive freedom? Do we believe in the promise of America? And are we ready to make your voice in there? The promise of America? And are we ready to fight for it? And when we fight, we win.
[00:28:21]
God bless you and God bless you.
